hi my name is tad structor I'm here at
the GM Heritage Center today to talk
about the all-new seventh generation
Corvette I'm the Corvette chief engineer
and I am really proud to be able to
present today all the fantastic
attributes of this great new car
it's been almost 60 years since the
first Corvette was introduced in 1953
and in fact almost 60 years to the day
we're introducing the seventh generation
car in thinking about what to call it we
can think of nothing better than to use
the hallowed name the revered name in
the auto industry the Corvette Stingray
the seventh generation Corvette Stingray
is the most powerful most capable
standard Corvette we've ever introduced
the new small-block v8 produces at least
450 horsepower and 450 foot pounds of
torque that's able to accelerate the car
to 60 miles an hour in under 4 seconds
it also corners at over 1 G not only is
this the quickest standard Corvette
we've ever produced for the track it'll
actually be quicker than today's
Corvette Grand Sport the new Corvettes
interior is probably the most upgraded
single area of the car we really focused
on premium execution and making it a
world-class sports car driving
environment it uses very premium real
materials like carbon fiber premium
leather real metallic accents in
aluminum everything was designed to make
the driving experience better
it also looks fantastic and uses the
latest technology and information
displays one of the things we focused on
the interior is things that the driver
touches the seat is super important it's
your connection to the vehicle we have
an all-new seat design ground up has a
magnesium frame for light weight we have
actually two different seats one more
suitable for long-distance touring and a
competition sport seat that's
appropriate for the track each one has
been specifically tailored for excellent
comfort and then the right amount of
support for the job they also look
fantastic
one of the great things about the
Corvette Stingray is that it can be used
for a lot of different purposes it can
be used for a daily driver a
long-distance tour or cutting edge
performance machine on the track it has
excellent luggage room good long
distance comfort
and because people use the car in so
many ways we elected to do a driver mode
select that really tailors all the
controllable subsystems in the car to
optimize them for each of those uses the
all-new small-block engine for the
Corvette Stingray incorporates the
latest in technologies direct injection
variable valve timing and cylinder
deactivation these enable the engine to
be more powerful than ever and far more
efficient than ever because of our
advancements in carbon fiber
applications we're able to now offer
carbon fiber panels on the standard
stingray we're using it on the hood to
take weight off the front end and we're
using it on the roof to bring the center
of gravity down and make the removable
roof easier to handle when taking it off
the car one of the critical advances on
the new Corvette Stingray is in its
aluminum structure today's structures
made out of steel we've moved to a
hundred percent aluminum on Corvette to
generate a frame that's almost a hundred
pounds lighter and yet sixty percent
stiffer than today's vehicle one of our
goals in designing a new Corvette it's
not just to make it look different we
want to make it look different in ways
that make it work better we've taken the
racing lessons learned from the track
and we're applying them to the street
car in a beautiful and seamless way on
behalf of the entire Corvette team we
are so proud to be introducing this car
and we want everybody to learn as much
about it as they can if you want to
learn more go to Chevrolet calm
you